[16.0][ADD] helpdesk_ticket_partner_response: New module helpdesk_ticket_partner_response (#674)
OCA/helpdesk: helpdesk_ticket_customer_response/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> Change ticket stage when customer answered the ticket from portal or mail.

Reviewer: Autoupdate ticket stage when a partner posts a message on the ticket from the portal or by sending an email.

> Change ticket stage when customer answered the ticket from portal or mail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autoupdate ticket stage when a partner posts a message on the ticket from the portal or by sending an email.
```
